Update navigation and docs search page with pointer_file reference and example (#3269)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/SearchQuery.md

  * .xls, .xlsx
  * .pptx

### Navigation Bar

The navigation bar on every page in the catalog provides a convenient
shortcut for searching all objects and packages in an Amazon S3
bucket.

> Quilt uses ElasticSearch 6.7 [query string
> syntax](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.7/query-dsl-query-string-query.html#query-string-syntax).

The following are all valid search parameters:

**Fields**

- `comment`: Package comment. `comment: TODO`
- `content`: Object content. `content:Hello`
- `ext`: Object extension. `ext:*.fastq.gz`
- `handle`: Package name. `handle:examples\/metadata`
- `hash`: Package hash. `hash:3192ac1*`
- `key`: Object key. `key:phase*`
- `key_text`: Analyzed object key. `key:"phase"`
- `last_modified`: Last modified date. `last_modified:[2022-02-04 TO
  2022-02-20]`
- `metadata`: Package metadata. `metadata:dapi`
- `size`: Object size in bytes. `size:>=4096`
- `version_id`: Object version id. `version_id:t.LVVCx*`

> - `pointer_file`: Internal ElasticSearch field, either `latest` or
> a hash. `pointer_file: latest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pointer_file`: Package tag in S3; "latest" or a package top hash. `pointer_file: latest`
```
